[docs] Updated options description for srt-live-transmit (#2209)
Haivision/srt: docs/apps/srt-live-transmit.md

accepts new connections.

- **rendezvous**: A one-to-one only connection where both parties are

> equivalent and both connect to one another simultaneously. Whoever happened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
equivalent and both attempt to initiate a connection simultaneously. Whichever party happens
```

> to start first (or succeeded to punch through the firewall) is meant to have
> initiated the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to start first (or succeeds in punching through the firewall first) is considered to have
initiated the connection.
```

This mode can be specified explicitly using the **mode** parameter. When it's

> not specified, then it is "deduced" basing on the *host* part in the URI and
> the presence of the **adapter** parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not specified, then it is derived based on the *host* part in the URI and
the presence of the **adapter** parameter:
```

* Listener mode: if you leave the *host* part empty (**adapter** may be specified):
   - `srt://:1234`
* Caller mode: if you specify *host* part, but not **adapter** parameter:

>    - `srt://remote.host.com:1234`

Reviewer: Should you remove the `:1234` here?
```

   - `srt://remote.host.com:1234&adapter=my.remote.addr`

Sometimes the required parameter specification results in a different mode
than desired; in this case you should specify the mode explicitly.

The interpretation of the *host* and *port* parts is the following:

- In **LISTENER** mode:
   - *host* part: the local IP address to bind (default: 0.0.0.0 - "all devices")
   - *port* part: the local port to bind (mandatory)
   - **adapter** parameter: alternative for *host* part, e.g.:

```yaml
srt://10.10.10.100:5001?mode=listener
```

or

```yaml
srt://:5001?adapter=10.10.10.100
```

- In **CALLER** mode:
   - *host* part: remote IP address to connect to (mandatory)
   - *port* part: remote port to connect to (mandatory)
   - **port** parameter: the local port to bind (default: 0 - "system autoselection")
   - **adapter** parameter: the local IP address to bind (default: 0.0.0.0 - "system selected device")

- In **RENDEZVOUS** mode:
   - *host* part: remote IP address to connect to (mandatory)
   - *port* part: remote port to connect to (mandatory)
   - **port** parameter: the local port to bind (default: same as *port* part)

>    - **adapter** parameter: the local IP address to bind (mandatory)

Reviewer: You should provide examples here.

2. In listener mode, if you leave the host empty, the socket is bound to
`INADDR_ANY` for IPv4 only. If you want to make it listen on IPv6, you need to
specify the host as `::`.
NOTE: Don't use square brackets syntax in the **adapter** parameter
specification, as in this case only the host is expected.

3. If you want to listen for connections from both IPv4 and IPv6, mind the
`ipv6only` option. The default value for this option is system default (see
system manual for `IPV6_V6ONLY` socket option); if unsure, you might want to
enforce `ipv6only=0` in order to be able to accept both IPv4 and IPv6

> connections in the same listener, or set to 1 to accept exclusively IPv6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connections by the same listener, or set `ipv6only=1` to accept exclusively IPv6.
```

    connection with local address `inaddr6_any` (IPv6) and port 4000 to a
    destination with port 5000.

* `srt://[::1]:5000?adapter=127.0.0.1` - this URI is invalid
    (different IP versions for binding and target address in rendezvous mode)

> Some parameters handled for SRT medium are specific, all others are socket options. The following parameters are handled special way by `srt-live-transmit`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some parameters handled for SRT medium are specific, all others are socket options. The following parameters are handled in a special way by `srt-live-transmit`:
```
